Out on the far reaches of the universe, there lies a place that exists outside time and space.
;Casino;A place that was never was and yet is - the Last Resort.
A place of wonder, the Last Resort is alive. The sultry glows and bright flashes of the lights engulf the establishment in an endless star-lit twilight.
The constant pings and beeps cascading from every machine create a never-ending cacophony. 
A place of desire, its patrons mill around its underbelly, ants in a hill. It is a beast of its own. 
Living. 
Breathing. 
Hungering.
;???;Damn.
A slot machine rolls. Cherry, lemon, grapes. The machine beeps sadly.
:???:Dammit!
;Figure;A figure leans on the machine next to the man, twirling a few tokens in her hand.
;Jules;Come on now. I’ve gotta be close, I’ve gotta. 
The machine rolls again. 
Orange. Bell. Bell. 
The figure next to Jules leans over.
:Figure: No luck, huh?
:Jules:No luck. Never any luck. Not in this damn place.
:Figure:How ironic. Perhaps Lady Luck's just not on your side this spin?
The figure leaves Jules be, not that the swearing, white-knuckled patron was paying much attention to her to begin with. 
;DisableFigure;Seconds bleed into minutes, which bleed into hours, and the coins in Jules’ palm dwindle to a measly penny.
:Jules:Come on, just for one spin. All I need is one.
Jules shakes the coin with eyes clenched shut and a muttered prayer. The penny disappears into the slot, the lever clicks, and the wheels spin and spin and spin. 
Cherry. Cherry. 
Jules watches on, wide-eyed as the final wheel seems to spin for an eternity. Then, it clicks, stops. 
Diamond.
:Jules:DAMMIT! DAMMIT, DAMMIT, DAMMIT!
;Stranger;Another stranger looks over, concerned.
:Stranger:Hey there, are you okay?
:Jules:I can never win, never!
Jules kicks the machine.
:Stranger:...
:Jules:That’s it! That’s IT!
Jules stands, eyes bulging, fists clenched, and temper flared.
:Stranger:And where are you going? You could always try again, maybe Lady Luck'll favor you this time.
:Jules:No...
:Jules:This time, I’m going to find Lady Luck, and I’m going to punch her in the face.